good afternoon today our story about
most common pests
garden ornamental plants it is from lyakh
for
it is extremely dangerous and unpleasant
insect in your garden because of your
incredible biological features
fast breeding for can give
10-15 days in our climate
despite the fact that it is small
slender animal with or without wings
wings
she quite aggressively captures
plant and infects all new and new
plants
as a rule for settle on young
sprouts stalks buds that is to
those places where korra and covers of plants
thin enough one of the first
signs of defeat the key is
some deformation of the leaves and shoots
accordingly when for begin to suck
juice she excretes feces which
hits on
underlying leaves and it turns out
called for on tiers which
causes the development of soot fungi
which may turn very
quickly destroy the plant
but one of the biggest problems that
tolerate
is it of course viral and other
diseases for example mycoplasmas they
extremely hard
they are practically not even removed
are treated therefore in case of smoldering everything on
first place always goes exactly
otle treatment prevention need
produce as soon as you see the beginning
defeat this happens some
by the waves so it can occur in
flow literally every
10-15 days so you should always
approach your green pet chat
on and inspect if any first
signs of damage ie
finding
the insects themselves twisting the leaves
allotment
ipad or black soot joints introduced
as well as the leafy plant for
amazes their war grow coniferous plant
no exception and just as amazed
aphids as well as deciduous plants
difference can only be placement
of these harmful insects as a rule
between the needles and nahayan to here or
articulation of branches
It is very remarkable that she sees
amazes bullshit it's big enough
types of glue for example pine autumn
cheeriness is very big for
measuring 5 8 millimeters at a very
characteristic and just like on hardwood
plants and when severe damage 3
characteristic is specific
curvature of shoots that improve
diagnostics and again I accentuate
attention constant constant inspection
your green pets
if you have a winged lady hide forms
you should immediately apply if the birds
this is best systemic because for
usually hit the plant then
when intensive sap flow with me
systemic insecticides such for example
as konfidor and its analogues find but food
is most appropriate also
I can underline a very important detail
the connection between
insects such as ants and aphids
even here on this little one
plot we can see an ant which
blowing so that we can with certainty
say that the connection is my kind is she
there is always
and so for more decisive action
to destroy what you need
engage in destruction activities
ants on the site than will be told
in the next from time to time with spring
almost to late autumn air
little feet start flying
sit on your face on your hands do you think
what is it that can and but in fact
In fact, this winged form of dividers 3
who are starting a new settlement phase
Russia
if you are on your site on hand or on
plants start to set such
little flies is the first sign
that a new stage has begun in the fight against
heavy
pests of various plants
namely those need bison